sale_triple_discount/README.rst, before:

====================
Sale Triple Discount
====================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:8e5c1df4b5735f0e7e6e742a5b3411a6f17d6be64c711807897f0cbe3f5e3472
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_triple_discount
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_triple_discount
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows to have three discounts on every sale order line.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

* set **Discount on lines** group to be able to see discounts on the lines

Usage
=====

Create a new sale order and add discounts in any of the three discount
fields given.

For multiplicative discounts they go in order of precedence so discount 2 will
be calculated over discount 1 and discount 3 over the result of discount 2. For
example, let's divide by two on every discount:

Unit price: 600.00 ->

  - Disc. 1 = 50% -> Amount = 300.00
  - Disc. 2 = 50% -> Amount = 150.00
  - Disc. 3 = 50% -> Amount = 75.00

For additive discounts they will be summed first and then applied. For
example, let's have a three 20% discounts:

Unit price: 600.00 ->

  - Disc. 1, 2, 3 = 20% + 20% + 20% -> 60%
  - Disc. final = 60% -> Amount = 240.00


You can also use negative values to make a charge instead of a discount:

Unit price: 600.00 ->

  - Disc. 1 = 50% -> Amount = 300.00
  - Disc. 2 = -5% -> Amount = 315.00

Module allows defining additional discount fields and applying them with
other by adding them to the `_discount_fields` method.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_triple_discount%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ADHOC SA
* Agile Business Group
* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Nicolas Mac Rouillon <@nicomacr>
* Juan José Scarafía <jjs@adhoc.com.ar>
* Alex Comba <alex.comba@agilebg.com>
* David Vidal <david.vidal@tecnativa.com>
* Simone Rubino <simone.rubino@agilebg.com>
* Jacques-Etienne Baudoux (BCIM sprl) <je@bcim.be>
* Pimolnat Suntian <pimolnats@ecosoft.co.th>
* Denis Leemann <denis.leemann@camptocamp.com>
* Manuel Regidor <manuel.regidor@sygel.es>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_triple_discount>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

Fix computed fields dependencies
The issue with actual implementation is that discount is already
a computed field in std Odoo (eg to apply discount from pricelist).

Therefore, the value computed by Odoo must be stored in another field,
(ie discount1) for discount to be used to consolidate the multiple
discount. For this, we assign _compute_discount as the compute
of discount1 and redefine a new function to compute discount as
consolidated from the other discount fields.

sale_triple_discount/README.rst, after:

====================
Sale Triple Discount
====================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:8e5c1df4b5735f0e7e6e742a5b3411a6f17d6be64c711807897f0cbe3f5e3472
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_triple_discount
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_triple_discount
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows to have three discounts on every sale order line.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

* set **Discount on lines** group to be able to see discounts on the lines

Usage
=====

Create a new sale order and add discounts in any of the three discount
fields given.

For multiplicative discounts they go in order of precedence so discount 2 will
be calculated over discount 1 and discount 3 over the result of discount 2. For
example, let's divide by two on every discount:

Unit price: 600.00 ->

  - Disc. 1 = 50% -> Amount = 300.00
  - Disc. 2 = 50% -> Amount = 150.00
  - Disc. 3 = 50% -> Amount = 75.00

For additive discounts they will be summed first and then applied. For
example, let's have a three 20% discounts:

Unit price: 600.00 ->

  - Disc. 1, 2, 3 = 20% + 20% + 20% -> 60%
  - Disc. final = 60% -> Amount = 240.00


You can also use negative values to make a charge instead of a discount:

Unit price: 600.00 ->

  - Disc. 1 = 50% -> Amount = 300.00
  - Disc. 2 = -5% -> Amount = 315.00

Module allows defining additional discount fields and applying them with
other by adding them to the `_discount_fields` method.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

The three discount values are now consolidated into the standard discount field.

The issue with actual implementation is that discount is already
a computed field in std Odoo (eg to apply discount from pricelist).

Therefore, the value computed by Odoo must be stored in another field,
(ie discount1) for discount to be used to consolidate the multiple
discount.
That means discount1 must be computed by the same function that computes
discount, but it cannot be part of the api.depends from the compute
function as the field value cannot depend on itself.

A compromise is to override the write function to expicitely call
_compute_discount in case discount1 is being modified. The drawback
is that defining the field on the UI will not trigger the computation
of discount until the record is saved which will therefore provide
wrong total values while the record is being edited.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_triple_discount%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ADHOC SA
* Agile Business Group
* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Nicolas Mac Rouillon <@nicomacr>
* Juan José Scarafía <jjs@adhoc.com.ar>
* Alex Comba <alex.comba@agilebg.com>
* David Vidal <david.vidal@tecnativa.com>
* Simone Rubino <simone.rubino@agilebg.com>
* Jacques-Etienne Baudoux (BCIM sprl) <je@bcim.be>
* Pimolnat Suntian <pimolnats@ecosoft.co.th>
* Denis Leemann <denis.leemann@camptocamp.com>
* Manuel Regidor <manuel.regidor@sygel.es>
* Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_triple_discount>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
